(Last week)
What are you filming?
(Yuchen Gang, only their appearance is thuggish.)
(Mungdol Gang, we are the crazy ones in this area.)
Okay. Let's go.
(Police Department, make no mistake. They're not in a gang.)
(Real Criminal Variety, City of Crime)
(Daniel, the most sought-after boss, came to take over a new gang.)
(Daniel took the role of a boss for Mungdol Gang.)
(Yeon Soo, the irresistibly cute boss, joined Team Police.)
It's Ms. Tuna.
(Energetic Sa Yeon became the boss of Yuchen Gang.)
(Sae Ho was recruited to Mungdol Gang as the youngest member.)
(And three teams were formed.)
Let me explain...
- the rules of Boss' Unfair Deal. - Unfair Deal?
The boss may equally distribute 1,000 dollars to the gang members.
Or the boss may distribute it unfairly however he or she likes.
Should you feel suspicious about the boss' intentions,
you may use the Revolution Card only once until the final race.
You may find out how much you received.
If you find out that the boss distributed fairly,
all distributed capital will return to the boss.
If the boss distributed unfairly, the revolt is successful.
The boss' capital is divided equally among the members.
(We'll stir up a revolt. We don't even need to think about it.)
(The revolt was a success, and 3 members took Sa Yeon's capital.)
(Remaining bosses are Yeon Soo and Daniel.)
(Should I trust Daniel or not?)
(I don't know what to do. It's up to you, So Min.)
(So Min declares a revolt which was expected from her reputation.)
(Mungdol Gang has used the Revolution Card on Daniel.)
You have used your Revolution Card.
- Really? - I'll announce Daniel's capital.
How much of 1,200 dollars...
(Boss Kang earned the gang's trust with his innocent eyes and smile.)
(I completely trust Boss Kang.)
I bet he equally distributed the capital.
(Trust me. Everyone got 300 dollars.)
(If he distributed the capital fairly, he will keep 1,200 dollars.)
- The amount Daniel has... - Listen to him.
(The amount Daniel has...)
is 1,170 dollars.
- Didn't I tell you? - Hey.
(Boss Kang embezzled the capital.)
- Look! Didn't I tell you? - Daniel.
I told you so. Sae Ho, didn't I tell you this would happen?
(Daniel only gave them 10 dollars each and kept the rest.)
(Four hours ago when dividing the capital)
How will you distribute the capital?
Well... I'll treat them to a meal later.
I'll give them 10 dollar each.
(He kept the capital to himself with his broad smile.)
I told you that we should use the card!
- See what I mean? - I was skeptical at first.
See?
(The betrayal of the boss he trusted gives him the chills.)
He even got teary-eyed because I didn't trust him.
- He had 1,170 dollars? - Goodness.
(Ji Hyo, Sae Ho, and So Min get 400 dollars.)
Hey, our team has been nothing but trusting of each other so far.
You can use it by all means. I'm fine.
(She's laid-back.)
You can use it.
You should just go ahead and use it. It's not like we can win the game.
(What? He's flustered.)
- Out of nowhere, Yeon Soo... - This is driving me crazy.
Why are you playing a mind game all of a sudden?
No, that's not my intention. I'm not playing any mind games.
- She told me to use the card. - Please do.
Yeon Soo...
(She has a face that no one can doubt.)
- All right. - We...
- will use the Revolution Card. - We'll use it.
(They decide after giving a lot of thought.)
(Team Police also uses the Revolution Card.)
If Yeon Soo gave each of you 250 dollars equally,
she will take the entire capital of 1,000 dollars.
- Okay. - Then it'd be great.
- Really? - I can give her the money.
- I'll announce the amount now. - Okay.
The amount Yeon Soo has...
(How much did Yeon Soo take from 1,000 dollars?)
is 970 dollars.
(She has 970 dollars.)
- Unbelievable! - Gosh.
- You just gave me goose bumps. - Didn't I tell you this earlier?
I questioned if she gave us only 10 dollars each and kept the rest.
I cannot believe this!
(It seemed she would never betray the gang members.)
(However, she asked about the minimum amount she must give them.)
(She gave them only 10 dollars which was the minimum amount.)
(There's no way the guys are going to start a revolution against me.)
- Yeon Soo! - She's worse than Sa Yeon.
She's worse than me. She's more cold-blooded than me.
You're something else, Yeon Soo.
Jong Kook, we could have been in big trouble.
- Let's go to the Room of Truth. - Okay.
- Bring it to me. - Hey, bring it.
- We have a lot of empty gourds. - Let me see your head.
- I can't trust her. - This could've been a disaster.
(Team Police's revolt was a success.)
- Everyone. - Yes.
Today's final race is...
Empty the Safe.
(Empty the Safe)
(What safe?)
Safe?
Let's empty it out.
The safes with all the capital you have earned today are hidden...
in each gang's headquarters.
(The safes with all of their capitals are hidden.)
The team that finds 1 of the 2 opposing gangs' safes...
and that obtains the capital will win the race.
- This is a team match then. - You're right.
However,
the capital of the safe will be...
given to the member that opened the safe.
(Only 1 member who opens the safe will acquire the capital.)
There's a twist at the end.
(They chuckle at the same time.)
Whenever we play races like this, why do you have that look?
(It's his instinct to betray.)
- I understand the rules now. - But where are the safes?
- We have to find them. - The locations of the safes...
- We have to find those safes? - Yes, we need to find them.
(Every member of Yuchen Gang including the boss is funny.)
You can get the locations when you remove opposing teams' name tags.
Choose two people who will carry the location of the safe...
and two people who will carry the password of the safe.
Then hide the information in the name tags.
Jong Kook, it's time to use your strength.
That's right.
He will rip your name tags.
I will call them to the Room of Truth.
When the race ends, the members of the winning team...
can exchange 50 dollars for 1 Running Ball.
Running Balls will go into the lottery machine.
The one whose Running Ball gets picked...
will become the winner and receive the team's entire capital.
That's incredible.
(The scale of prize money is like that of a blockbuster.)
That's amazing.
Now, please move to your headquarters.
Let's move.
- Let's go! - The scale is big today.
It's very big.
(Which member is destined to win the safe?)
(The 3rd floor of the main building, the headquarters of Mungdol Gang)
- Where is our safe? - Here it is.
It's really big.
(The safe is bigger and fancier than they expected.)
- We need to hide it. - That's right.
Perhaps, we can stack chairs around it.
- Shall we put it in a box? - That's good.
Let's put it in a box.
This is a good idea.
- Let's do this. - This is a good idea.
- This works. - This is a good idea.
(Even if they hide the safe in a box...)
What do we do if Jong Kook runs with it?
(What if he takes the entire safe?)
It's very possible.
It's dreadful to think about it.
I want to do well today.
He will go, "Stay away."
I want to rip someone's name tag today.
(He suddenly shows his puppy dog face.)
It's your first time participating in a race.
When you are in the same team as Ji Hyo,
you can get scolded a lot.
(You can get scolded a lot.)
You can get scolded a lot.
She does it to keep up the fighting spirit.
- Remember that. - Daniel.
- We need to win. - That's right.
That's right. Not only that,
but you betrayed the team.
(Daniel currently has zero amount of money.)
You have zero amount of money.
We only need to make it less noticeable.
- I know what you are talking about. - You do, right?
- All right. - This is simple.
- This is a bit scary. - Let's go this way.
- Let's go. - Team Police will win.
(They are the police, right?)
- How about here? - Here.
Here.
Let's bury it here.
Shall we put it against the equipment?
(They look like the culprits.)
All right.
We only need to make it less noticeable.
That's good enough.
We will have the countdown for the race.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(2 members carry the location, and 2 members carry the password.)
- 4, 3. - Let's hide it now.
2, 1. The race begins.
Start!
Okay. Let's go.
(Who is destined to rob the safes?)
Maybe it's because of this team, but I feel righteous today.
That's right.
I will use my strength.
(Rip name tags for the location and password of the safes.)
- We should go out. - We should go out.
We should go out.
- Listen. - Come here.
(There is no other choice.)
We need to hurry up and rip the other team members' name tags.
Standing by won't get us anywhere.
- We need to rip the name tags. - We do.
Gosh, we need to cover a lot of ground.
(Mungdol Gang approaches the headquarters of Yuchen Gang.)
Be careful.
They must be around here, seeing as there are cameras.
Be careful. Come here.
(Something doesn't feel right.)
(What?)
(Who is that?)
(How did he find me?)
That's clear glass.
- You can't hide behind it. - Okay.
I can see them well.
(Let's have a round.)
Sae Ho.
Why don't we fight 1 on 1?
1 on 1?
- What do you think? - I am for it.
(1 on 1? I am for it.)
- I am for it. - This is my fight.
Stay out of it. It's a 1 on 1 fight.
(The old man with 7 years of experience, Seok Jin)
This is so sudden.
Sae Ho, we are done if you get your name tag ripped.
(The young man with a relatively fit body, Sae Ho)
(Team Police is on the move.)
They are here. I can see them.
(The two teams are together.)
How long do you think...
it will take me to go to the other side?
It's too dangerous.
It's too dangerous to go alone.
I have an idea.
Stay together for a second.
Stay together.
(Jong Kook carries out his plan.)
(He plans to attack the two teams from behind.)
(It will be easy if the plan succeeds.)
I hope they hide well.
I am sorry. I work out.
I do, too.
Come on.
(The situation is a tinderbox.)
It will be useless if Jong Kook attacks alone.
When Jong Kook shows up...
We need to divert their attention.
The other team has arrived. They are on the other side.
- They are on the other side. - Come on.
(They begin to divert their attention.)
Are they on the other side? Hold on.
- See you later. - Come here.
Let's go to the other side.
Go slowly.
(They move to the other side to avoid Team Police.)
Jong Kook is here! Jong Kook is here!
Come. Jong Kook is here.
- Jong Kook is here! - Sa Yeon.
- Hurry up. - Catch him. Catch Jong Kook.
We need to catch Jong Kook.
(He falls back calmly.)
Catch Jong Kook.
(Ripping)
Catch him.
(Yu Chen is out.)
Hurry up.
Catch him.
(The speed is unbelievable.)
No, no.
Rip his name tag.
Come on, Sa Yeon.
Seok Jin, help her.
- He got him. - I got him.
(Jong Kook and Sa Yeon rip the name tags at the same time.)
We have this.
(What is going on?)
He is unbelievable.
We need to watch the video again.
- He is brutal. - We need to watch the video again.
Sa Yeon.
Seok Jin, help her.
He got him.
(The two name tags were ripped at the same time.)
- I will rip a name tag later. - I did a good job, right?
Yes, you did.
I did my best.
- Seriously. - That's right.
Should Seok Jin and I divide the money in half?
(What should we do with the money?)
What are the rules? I don't know them well.
Can't you see that there are four members?
- What should we do? - We now need...
to rip the name tag of someone who carries the location.
- They are divided into two groups. - We are equally matched.
It's Haha and Se Chan versus you and I.
There is Yeon Soo.
- Good luck. - Let's take a look at them.
Jong Kook is incredible.
(They have the password and location of Yuchen Gang's safe.)
Move quickly. They will come to rip your name tags.
- Wait a minute. - Let's go together.
Jae Seok, Jong Kook, and Sa Yeon are out.
(Mungdol Gang hears the announcement.)
(They have a mental breakdown.)
We need to move quickly.
- We can't wait any longer. - We need to move.
- I can't believe Jong Kook is out. - The ace members...
- are out. - We have a chance of winning.
We need to find them.
(Yuchen Gang chases after Team Police.)
Where are they? They are gone.
Is there...
Is there a snack bar in here?
(Team Police follows Yeon Soo into a building.)
There is no snack bar here.
Give it to me.
- Isn't this the annex? - Give it to me.
The annex is over there. Isn't this the main building?
(They are at the wrong place.)
- The annex is over there. - I am sorry.
Hold on, Haha.
We could have wandered into the basement.
123455?
(What's the password?)
Why would you try to memorize it?
123455.
(The 1st one to open the safe wins the prize money.)
- Let's disperse. - Let's disperse.
(They decide to disperse.)
We will attack each other if we stay together.
Let's disperse and go to the location on our own.
- Let's go. - One.
- 1, 2, 3. Let's go. - Let's go.
(They bring their hands together and go their own ways.)
I am going.
(Nervous)
We need to rip someone's name tag.
(Where is Team Police?)
(They find Yeon Soo.)
(She runs into Yuchen Gang as soon as the team disperses.)
Run, run.
(It's better to stay together.)
Catch her.
(She runs as fast as she can.)
What should I do?
I got you. I am sorry, Yeon Soo.
- We don't have much time. - Yeon Soo.
We don't have much time.
I am sorry, Yeon Soo.
Is it the location?
(Yuchen Gang acquires the location of Team Police's safe.)
"In the forest next to the pavilion in front of the annex".
- Let's go. - What's going on?
Everyone is headed to the safe.
(Who is destined to open the safe first?)
Let's go down.
So Min.
So Min, come here.
We will move separately.
See you down there.
Let's catch someone.
(They divide into 2 groups to reassemble later.)
Good idea, Cho Daniel.
I like "Cho Daniel".
(The Daniels are in control.)
(They strut with confidence.)
This is driving me crazy.
Let's go down.
(Where are the preys?)
(They spot the first prey.)
(The members of Yuchen Gang and Mungdol Gang meet.)
My goodness.
There they are.
We found them.
Let's fight 1 on 1.
- Excuse me. - Let's fight 1 on 1.
- Wait for me. I am exhausted. - Seok Jin.
Sae Ho is coming.
(Running)
Kwang Soo.
My goodness.
Kwang Soo! Kwang Soo!
(The situation is a tinderbox.)
I work out.
All right.
Daniel, you are on your own.
Seok Jin, you can do it, right?
Yes.
- I work out. - Seok Jin.
Seok Jin, we have been on the show for seven years.
- That's right. - Seok Jin, you can do it.
Let's fight 1 on 1.
1 on 1.
My goodness.
(They start a real fight.)
(It's Daniel versus Kwang Rak.)
Come here. Turn around.
(It's Sae Ho versus Seok Jin.)
(Whose name tag will be torn?)
(Tearing)
(Daniel is out.)
- Run. - Come here.
You come here.
(Ripping)
- Did you tear it? - Yes.
(Seok Jin is out.)
- Did you both tear them? - Yes.
(The score is tied.)
Wait a minute.
(Team Police has all the hints about Yuchen Gang's safe.)
It's over if I get caught.
(His team wins if he finds the safe.)
Is it here? What's this?
Please just this once.
(Kwang Rak is the only survivor from Yuchen Gang.)
Where am I? What went wrong?
(Which gang will find the safe first?)
- Where are you going, Haha? - You startled me.
It's not in here. We should look up there.
- It's here. - It's the annex.
(This is the annex.)
(They enter the annex where Yuchen Gang's safe is located.)
- Remember Nevis. Nevis. - Nevis.
- We can do anything as a team. - Right.
All we need to do is split it in half.
Right.
There's the pavilion.
Here it is.
Where's the forest?
I must find the forest.
I can't continue because my legs feel numb.
Go ahead. I don't care.
(They're close to finding the safe.)
Seriously?
(May I open the safe?)
I don't care about...
- being successful. - Can you be on the lookout?
You don't care about being successful?
Not at all.
There it is. It's the forest next to the pavilion.
Is this the forest?
I'm almost there. Let's win.
(Kwang Rak finds the safe hidden in the forest.)
(Once he enters the passcode, he wins.)
Kwang Soo...
can win.
- I think he will. - He knows the place and passcode.
- Now? - Will he remember?
- I have the passcode. - What?
Really?
- I hope he remembers. - Let me see.
- He memorized it. - What if he forgot?
- It's 102803. - He might not remember.
Won't he remember since he's an actor?
- I think he will. - He's more of a fool than an actor.
(You didn't know, did you?)
(Is he acting like a fool?)
Seok Jin has the passcode.
(Or is he really a fool?)
He has the passcode.
What was it again?
(While he wastes time trying to open the safe,)
(Team Police enters Yuchen Gang's headquarters.)
Be on the watch.
(The safe is down there.)
I found it.
(Team Police wins if they open the safe.)
- I found it. - Okay.
(He rips off the name tag.)
(What did he do?)
Only the member who opens the safe...
wins all the money of the opposing gang.
(The one who opens the safe can win all the money.)
- Okay. - We're on the same team.
It's an individual game.
In the end, there's only one winner.
(He's happy to win.)
But we're on the...
(Has he lost his mind?)
(He hits Se Chan's head.)
(Se Chan opens Yuchen Gang's safe.)
Okay.
(He wins 1,000 dollars.)
- We're the same... - Okay.
(He's speechless after getting betrayed.)
In the end...
We're on the same team.
(He tries to suppress his anger.)
(He deserves to be arrested.)
- My goodness. - I have bad news.
Kwang Soo opened the safe first.
(Kwang Soo opened the safe first.)
(Did Kwang Soo open the safe first?)
Seriously?
(Kwang Rak struggled to unlock the safe.)
Seok Jin has the passcode.
(It took a split second to determine who would open the safe first.)
(Se Chan was busy betraying Haha.)
(Kwang Soo who always acted like a fool...)
I got it.
(opened Team Police's safe first.)
Okay.
Okay. I opened it.
(He empties out Team Police's safe.)
(Yuchen Gang succeeds.)
I got it.
(Kwang Soo wins Team Police's property.)
I found it.
I did it.
(Only if they weren't suspicious...)
- If we didn't get suspicious... - I'm sorry.
I should have given up earlier.
(He's regretful.)
Once you make up, go back to the starting place.
I was suspicious of you too, so I have nothing to say.
Nevis.
(He still feels contempt.)
- Haha. - It's over now.
My goodness.
(They end up getting hurt, and the final race ends.)
Everyone, I'll announce the result.
Here's the result of the final race, City of Crime.
Yuchen Gang wins.
(Yuchen Gang wins.)
Lee Kwang Soo. Kwang Soo.
(He deserves respect.)
Good job.
Step forward. Step forward now.
He's angry.
I told you the location and the passcode.
- You had to go to the annex. - Why didn't you go together?
Find the safe, and enter the passcode. Why did you split?
I quit.
- I'm too scared to work. - What?
- Send me to "Inkigayo". - Come here.
- We had to find quickly. - That's why.
Only one member can take the money.
That's not what I mean. You knew the location, right?
What's the point of your finding it quickly?
(Didn't you listen to me?)
- We'd like to quit. - We really do.
- Wait. - Am I wrong?
Can I replace them if they quit?
Just in case.
No.
Really?
- You aren't good at talking. - I'm not good at talking?
- Is that why? - You can't.
- Won't I improve? - No, you won't.
Is that so? Sorry.
That's not what I mean.
His look changed completely.
I'm really sorry,
but stay behind after the shoot.
- I'm being serious. - Jong Kook.
I don't understand what happened. I really don't.
We haven't used it in a long time.
Currently, Yuchen Gang has 2,400 dollars in total.
Kwang Soo has 27 Running Balls.
Sa Yeon has 8, Jae Seok has 7,
and Seok Jin has seven.
Let's start.
(Kwang Soo has the majority of balls.)
I'm not even nervous.
(Let's call the spirits for luck.)
(They clap as if they're hypnotized.)
(Everyone follows without knowing what's going on.)
(Answer us, Spirit of Luck.)
(Is this how it's done?)
- What's wrong? - It makes me feel excited.
Shall I start?
(Only one Running Ball is picked.)
The name on the ball is the final winner.
The winner receives all the money that the gang has.
(Who will it be?)
I hope it isn't Kwang Soo.
I hope Kwang Soo doesn't get picked.
(It's Kwang Soo and three more members.)
- 1, 2, 3. - 2, 3.
- Here it is. - It came out immediately.
(Is Kwang Soo the winner?)
(Running Ball is selected.)
- He didn't look. - Don't look.
- That's not it. - No.
- The second ball doesn't count. - Whose name is it?
Show us the second ball.
- It's Kwang Soo. - It's Kwang Soo.
I have a high chance.
This is the first ball.
Let's take a look.
(Who will win all the capital?)
Who will win the prize?
- It's 2,400 dollars. - 2,400 dollars.
It's most likely Kwang Soo.
(Who will be the final winner?)
- Pick again if it's the same name. - Right.
We pick again if it's the same name.
What nonsense is this?
If both names are...
It's likely that it's my name since I have 27 Running Balls.
Right.
If it's the same name...
It's likely that it's Kwang Soo.
(Whose name will it be?)
- This is unbelievable. - Why?
Noh Sa Yeon.
(Sa Yeon wins.)
The winner of 2,400 dollars is...
- Noh Sa Yeon. - Noh Sa Yeon.
(The final winner is Sa Yeon.)
- It's unbelievable. - Really?
I have 27...
You should be happy for her.
The final winner of City of Crime is...
Sa Yeon who had a low probability.
This is amazing.
Sa Yeon wins the accumulated prize.
(Spitting)
As promised, the accumulated prize of 2,400 dollars...
will be given to her.
(The amount is given to Sa Yeon.)
I'm so happy.
How is this possible?
(She's moved.)
- It's a donation. - Is it?
Was it a donation?
Look at her face. Did you see it?
That's not it.
2,400 dollars...
will be donated under Sa Yeon's name.
(They finish the day with a good deed.)
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Good job.
- Are you tired? - Thank you.
- Se Chan. - Yes?
(Why is he given an envelope?)
What is it?
- It's tomorrow's mission. - For tomorrow?
(They're given tomorrow's mission.)
Okay. What we did today won't continue, right?
- I'm done with this makeup, right? - Yes.
(What is it this time?)
"An item that brings back memories"?
(An item that brings back memories)
"Bring an item that brings back memories related to fall."
(Bring an item that brings back memories related to fall.)
Fall?
(Let me see.)
"An item that brings back memories related to fall"?
- Tomorrow, bring an item... - Tomorrow?
that brings back memories related to fall.
Try to find an item that everyone can relate to.
Related to fall?
Can I bring a person?
(Can I bring a person?)
(What items will they bring?)
(The next morning at a rest area)
- This is nice. - Hi.
Hi. Nice to see you.
- Hi. - This is great.
- I love this place. - Nice view.
- Look at this place. - I've never been here before.
Why did you even cover that? It's a giraffe.
I didn't cover it.
- I didn't. - It's obviously a giraffe.
I didn't do it.
It might be a cactus.
It might be a flamingo.
An ex-girlfriend he dated last fall?
(An ex-girlfriend?)
- Is it? - No.
Is it a miniature?
What do you mean?
- You like miniatures. - I don't have anything like that.
It'd be so creepy if he had a miniature of his ex-girlfriend.
- Can someone cut Kwang Soo's hair? - It's MacGyver style.
MacGyver.
That hairstyle usually looks awesome.
Many boyband members have this hairstyle.
- G-Dragon, - G-Dragon.
- Song Min Ho, Baekhyun... - Mine looks a bit different.
It reminds me of Kim Byung Ji.
(You remind me of Kim Byung Ji.)
(They look exactly the same.)
- Ha Seok Ju in his prime. - Right.
- Kim Joo Sung. - Him too.
Lee Duke Jean.
My hairstyle looks different.
Even your face looks like his.
Did you all bring an item that brings back memories?
- Yes. - Yes.
Now that fall is here,
we'll go on a trip.
Before that, let's have your items...
appraised.
(Appraising the items)
Are you going to appraise our memories?
Appraising?
You're going to introduce your item and memories attached to it.
The other members will write down a price.
Excluding the highest and lowest prices,
the average price will be calculated.
(They will calculate the average.)
I don't like that you're going to put a price on our memories.
Right.
- I don't think it's a problem. - Really?
- I guess I was mistaken. - I've already put a price on yours.
How much?
About 30 cents?
(Your memories are worth 30 cents.)
It is worth 30 cents?
Who wants to go first?
- Seok Jin took out his item. - Hold on.
- He took it out. - It's a baseball.
- Fall baseball. - Fall baseball.
Fall means baseball.
Fall baseball reminds me of...
- A girl? - To be honest,
it breaks my heart.
A ball hit his chest once.
(Jae Seok explains on behalf of Seok Jin.)
I like that. I want to buy that ball.
It's lucky.
It's not easy to get hit by a ball in the chest.
Guys, listen.
It'll break your hearts too.
You must be thinking about the fall baseball.
But I'm thinking of a batting cage.
A batting cage?
(What memories does he have?)
It was fall, and my wife was very sick.
- Don't make it up. - Hold on.
Listen.
We talked this morning.
"What did you bring?"
"A baseball." "What memories do you have?"
"Am I supposed to have memories?"
(This happened this morning.)
"I have none."
"I just brought it."
"I should make one up."
- Also, - The thing is...
- your wife is very healthy. - She's healthy.
She's healthy now.
Are you doing this to get a high price?
- The thing is... - This is not even a real baseball.
It's too light.
It says, "KBL".
That's a basketball league.
- KBL? - Is this from a claw machine?
Is this a basketball?
(Everyone's suspicious)
It's a prize.
It's a prize. If you manage to hit 10 balls,
you get this as a prize.
- If you hit 10 balls. - 10 balls?
My wife's fever was as high as 40°C.
She went to the emergency room. Ebola was suspected.
- You know what it is, right? - Yes.
I was so worried it really would be Ebola.
And?
And you went to practice baseball?
What were you thinking?
- Should we write down a price? - You're awful.
The price would be close to zero.
Why did you practice baseball when your wife was sick?
It was on the way from the emergency room.
She said she'd get better if I could hit 10 balls.
She could have slapped you in the face.
Is he Shim Cheong?
That's absurd. Is it okay to make a story up?
I liked the story where the ball hit your chest.
Can't you tell that story instead?
It was...
(He starts right away.)
It was four years ago.
My son wanted to go to a baseball game.
That day, Lee Seung Yeop was playing.
I'm putting the lid back on the pen.
- Which one was it? - I like it.
- Remember his 400th home run? - Yes.
That ball was flying towards us.
My son was so little. He didn't know what to do.
"Hyun Woo, move!" And the ball hit my chest.
(The ball hit my chest.)
- My chest was... - I've written down a price.
Seok Jin is unbelievable.
It hit my belly.
Your belly?
Thank goodness it didn't go any lower.
- My blood pressure plunged. - I'm done.
Please show your prices on the count of three.
My son is watching.
- One, two, - He got his family involved.
three. Reveal your prices.
I added three cents for Hyun Woo's sake.
The average price for Seok Jin's item is...
five cents.
It's not okay to make up a story.
Let me hear yours then.
- Let's hear it. - It's not acceptable.
Should we hear Jae Seok's story?
It's a jacket.
- It's from a famous brand. - That's right.
- Right? - You recognize it.
(It's a jacket from a famous brand.)
- Put it on. - I will.
- Does it still fit? - It does.
(He puts on the jacket that's full of memories.)
You look awful.
(How could he look so ugly?)
You look ridiculous. You look so old-fashioned.
Were you old-fashioned back then too?
You might think it's old fashioned now,
but it was so popular back then.
The problem is your face, not your jacket.
(The problem is your face.)
- That jacket is no problem. - You didn't know?
(What memories does this jacket bring back?)
It's more than just the memories.
This jacket gave me so much confidence.
I used to wear this to so many clubs.
I loved this jacket.
Are there any special stories?
Stories?
That would add 10 dollars.
Listen to me.
When I wore this...
- to clubs... - Let's do it like this.
If you picked up a girl wearing that, the price will go up.
If you failed, it'll go down.
- That jacket needs to be lucky. - Jae Seok.
Did you pick up any girls wearing that?
- Please tell them. - Were you there too?
Tell them what I was like.
I'm not sure if you know,
but to get a room, you had to be there early.
- You had to be there early. - Right.
So the waiters would say,
"Please send someone early."
Most of us would come around 10pm.
I called him.
(Jae Seok had a lot of free time.)
"Jae Seok, what are you doing?" "Nothing."
Be there by 8pm.
My job was to get us a room.
(He confesses.)
I got us a room. I was a "room catcher".
I know what that is.
- "Room catcher." - I know what it is.
The name sounds cool.
There's a reason why I asked him for help.
If I asked someone who loved to drink,
they'd start drinking before us. But Jae Seok didn't.
- I don't drink. - He just eats some grapes.
(He just eats some grapes.)
He doesn't drink.
- Why did you even go? - What?
They would let me pay a bit less.
- If you got them a room? - Yes.
- That's a sad story. - It wasn't bad.
You went there hours before the others and got them a room?
This jacket gave me so much confidence.
You looked even worse back then.
He did.
No girls wanted to sit next to him.
I added another zero just because of that.
- Really? - This is nice.
All right. Let's take a look.
1, 2, 3. Please show us.
(How much is the price?)
- Thank you. - Jae Seok's item is...
- worth... - It was a nice story.
13 dollars and 60 cents.
- Next. - I brought...
one of my cover albums with a fall theme.
(What did Jong Kook bring?)
(A cover album)
It was the first album I had ever released in fall.
The theme was fall.
Are you trying to promote your album?
- What? - For the revival of that album.
I didn't think of that.
- Wait. - Was that your intention?
- You're promoting it. - Jong Kook.
You don't care about the price we give.
- Listen to me. - You want to promote that album.
Please show your love for "Collective Invention".
- Listen. - Stop it.
- It's about a mutant fish man. - This album...
I would like to promote something to make it popular again.
"Young Gu and Space Monster Bulgoeri".
(It's a film Jae Seok had a supporting role.)
("Young Gu and Space Monster Bulgoeri")
(It's an old film where Jae Seok was spelled "Je Seok".)
- I actually know that film. - I...
I have a story behind this album.
It's the first album that I signed and gave you guys as gifts.
- You gave me one too? - I gave this to everyone.
I gave it to everyone.
Seok Jin, I saw it near the shoe rack at your house.
- That's not true. - No, you have it.
- This must be a different album. - I personally wrote on the CD.
I even remember when I gave these out.
It was the day we were saying romantic things to Ji Hyo...
to increase her heart rate.
- I remember that day. - The heart rate mission?
(He gave the CD that he signed when they were shy around each other.)
When he gave the CD,
- he talked to me formally. - I did.
- Really? - She's right.
It's been so long.
I remember something.
When he was working on this album, Jong Kook invited me and Joong Ki...
to the shoot for the music video.
So I went there to congratulate him.
But Joong Ki filmed the music video,
and I sat on the sofa the entire day.
This is a true story! And he disappeared!
- You disappeared without notice! - It wasn't...
- It wasn't my album. - You invited both of us.
- Hey, you shouldn't have done that. - At the end of the shoot,
- It wasn't my album. - he took something out.
He gave it to Joong Ki and thanked him for helping.
I was just standing next to him.
(He felt awkward.)
- I asked Joong Ki what it was. - I said it wasn't my album.
Kwang Soo.
- This was the album. - Yeon Soo.
- Both of us went, - It wasn't my album.
but he only called me because he was worried Joong Ki might be bored!
He only let him star in the music video!
- Seriously? - You were just his sidekick.
- You were Joong Ki's entertainment. - This really happened?
- I just remembered this. - Kwang Soo, this wasn't the album.
(He's still tormented as he feels he's Joong Ki's entourage.)
But So Min and Se Chan didn't receive this album.
- No. - I never got one.
We don't have any memories to share with you.
None.
- It's just a regular CD. - Well...
- You don't have any memories? - He's right.
- I was sad when he was talking. - What?
I was a bit sad when he was talking.
I don't have any memories.
- Don't you feel the same? - You and I can't associate.
I brought this so I could give it to you.
- Really? - You bet.
- Jong Kook, what about me? - I signed this.
- Hold on a second. Jong Kook. - I'm serious.
Why am I not getting one?
In my opinion, he's throwing you away.
- You'll trash me after using me? - He already abandoned you.
- I treated you with respect. - You...
- I prepared something else for you. - You did?
To Jong Kook, you are...
- just a leaf. - Will I fall?
You are going to fall soon.
- It is what it is. - That hurt.
- Poor Se Chan. - He's signing the CD.
- He's signing it now. - To whom will you give this?
- Will you give this to Se Chan? - He's doing it now.
The value of the CD will go up with his autograph.
I'm making my memories with you starting today.
- I'll be part of the memories. - Is today the first day?
- I feel he's trying to revitalize. - No, not at all.
- I'm serious. - What a viper!
- The CD has a lot of good songs. - His behavior...
Please support...
- Jong Kook's album. - That won't help at all, So Min.
- What are you doing? - Stay out of it.
- So Min. - Let me see.
Jong Kook, I'm certain...
you'll see it being sold online.
(I'm talking about the CD you just signed.)
- She'll sell it for 150 dollars. - Goodness.
She's more than capable of doing so.
I can't wait to find out the appraised value.
- Hold on. - My gosh.
It's meaningful because this is relevant to the show.
This was the first album I gave you.
Be generous.
- It's meaningful in a way. - I think...
It's hard to be funny with the appraised value. Just write it down.
(I get that you're trying hard, but just write it down.)
(Seok Jin is truly a hard-working member on variety shows.)
- Just write a number down. - He can just...
- write down any number. - You can't...
You can't be funny while writing down the number.
(Just give up already.)
Don't try to overachieve like that.
(I was too ambitious, wasn't I?)
You're right.
(Jong Kook's cover album's appraised value is 14 dollars and 50 cents.)
- Next story, please. - Shall I go next?
- All right, Se Chan. - I think...
- this fits today's theme perfectly. - What is this?
(Se Chan's nostalgic object is Actor of the Month Award.)
- "Actor of the Month Award". - Yes.
(You brought an award certificate?)
- It was from a comedy program. - I got it on October 28, 2008.
- You got it in the fall. - It was...
when I was enjoying my first heyday.
- My role was Woong Yi's Dad. - I remember that one.
My catchphrase was, "Come here. Come quickly."
- And many fans came to me indeed. - "Come quickly."
- I got this for that role. - More than anything...
Who was the producer in charge?
I think it was...
(His memory is dim.)
If you don't remember this...
Hold on a second.
- Are you serious? - You don't remember the producer?
- 5, 4... - How can you forget the crew?
- Wait. 5, 4, - 5, 4...
3...
(Oh, right! I just remembered!)
I got it. I'm so relieved.
It was Nam Seung Yong. He's a director now.
All right. We will call him right now.
(Let's call and find out.)
- Sorry? - We'll call him.
(They plan to call the director to check the facts.)
- There's no need for that. - On October 28, 2008...
- We're really going to call him? - Is this really important?
- Is it? It's my memory. - I agree.
Someone must have given the award to me that day.
- Your memory might be distorted. - Of course, we need to check.
(They're calling the director with a phone from the Running Man crew.)
- Hold on a second. - Was it Director Nam?
- We're calling Director Nam. - Did Director Nam...
- run the show at that time? - To what do I owe the pleasure?
(They are on the phone with Director Nam.)
- Hi. - Who is this?
Director Nam, this is Yu Jae Seok.
- We're filming now. - Is that so? I got it.
He's acting like he's nice.
(He's putting on a nice front since this is for the show.)
- That was so sudden. - He sounded like a nice guy.
He chuckled to pretend he's nice.
- He's not like this. - He sounded cold and then nice.
- He sounded like a gentleman. - Director Nam...
- has been on a few shows. - That's right.
- He actually likes appearing on TV. - Really?
- Director Nam. - Yes.
I hope you've been well.
- This is going to air? - Yes.
I had a feeling. You're talking to me formally.
(He changes his tone to sound gentle for the show.)
- Gosh, what's up with him? - You're doing a great job.
Director Nam is great.
He appeared on several shows previously.
- What's the purpose of the call? - Sir.
- Yes? - We just had a question.
- We need your statement. - This is...
In October of 2008,
were you in charge of "People Looking for Laughter"?
(Is this true?)
(Se Chan's memory is in question. Is his memory true?)
Yes, I was in charge of the skit Se Chan was in.
(His story checks out.)
- Thank you, sir. - Actor of the Month Award...
- Do you remember giving the award? - Ask him if he remembers it.
Well, Actor of the Month Award...
wasn't a prestigious award.
(Actor of the Month Award wasn't that prestigious.)
(The truth unfolds after 9 years. It wasn't a prestigious award.)
I bet everyone got the award.
I wanted the comedians to work hard.
We gave the awards out to encourage them. They aren't that important.
(I get it now. They just wanted to encourage me.)
I guess it's like Secret Santa.
They give those out to everyone.
- It's like they took turns for it. - It's like Secret Santa.
I understand. Thank you for your time.
- Sure. - Have a good day.
- It was true. - At least...
- At least... Don't be. - I'm sorry that I doubted you.
- Let me say this is a real award. - That's right.
The appraised value...
is 22 dollars and 25 cents, the highest amount so far.
(The appraised value is 22 dollars and 25 cents.)
I gave this a lot of thought.
- I prepared a gift set. - You did?
- That's a lot. - He brought a lot of stuff.
- That's a duffel bag. - These might make you cringe,
but I'm quite sentimental.
- He took this seriously. - He did.
I struggled a lot back in the days.
First of all,
when the ratings of the show weren't great...
However, we weren't...
Tell your story after you show us your item.
- You're making me angry. - What is it?
Give me a minute. However,
we might've stayed in status quo.
(We might have stayed in status quo...)
- We tightened laces and ran harder. - We tried harder.
- So what is your object? - Exactly.
- Exactly. - So I prepared sneakers.
(His first nostalgic object is a pair of plain sneakers.)
- You got that from your car trunk! - Hey!
I bet he took them out from the trunk.
In my opinion, he got them straight out of the trunk.
Weren't you wearing those this morning?
I'm being serious.
- Hey! - I'm not fooling around.
- Are you serious? - Please look at my eyes.
I'm not goofing around.
- Don't provoke our sentiments. - And this always...
kept my back safe.
(The second object is the name tag they put on for every shoot.)
- Come on! Hey! - You've got to be kidding.
Didn't we use that name tag yesterday?
- Come on! What is this? - We all have that.
The number's going to be the lowest.
- I already wrote down the number. - Everyone has it.
- I put down my number. - And...
You might not know this. All of you just talked and laughed.
However, when I was tired and exhausted, I got home...
Truth be told, many of you called me.
- You all felt empty inside. - What's the next one?
- Seok Jin and Kwang Soo called me. - That's true.
Whenever I got that call, this comforted and filled my life.
To me, this was a remedy.
(This was like a remedy that comforted him.)
- He's serious about this one. - This was a remedy.
(Remedy? This sounds like it might be about our memories.)
- What is it? - Show us.
- Spicy noodles. - Come on, Haha!
(His third nostalgic object is a bag of spicy noodles.)
- Hey, are you serious? - I'm so serious.
(Gosh, he fooled me again.)
Hey, you con artist!
- Haha, this is too mean. - Do you want me to scold you?
- And there's one more. - You!
- Hey. - Hold on, there's more.
Fans of Running Man in Thailand, are you watching?
- Thanks for tom yum goong noodles! - You, come here. Let this go.
Take these with you, and go on a trip alone.
Hey, leave! Go!
How could you?
- Seriously. - Unbelievable.
- You're such a jerk! - I can't believe you.
You got here and just put some stuff together.
- I... - Let's hear the appraised value.
- I really thought about every item. - 1... 1...
We are the members of Running Man!
- He's shameless. - 1, 2, 3.
0.1 cent, 0.1 cent...
0.2 cent, 0.1 cent...
The appraised value of Haha's package for the fall trip is...
0.2 cent.
(It's a gift set that costs only 0.2 cent.)
I thought this was a gift set.
- It's lower than Seok Jin's. - 0.2 cent.
It was worse than the Ebola story.
Are we still family?
Don't call me again.
Stop it.
Don't call me. I'm serious.
(I'll go on a trip alone.)
- Ji Hyo. - I'm...
not a good talker.
Mine is not related to Running Man.
Really?
And you're going to present it to us?
- It's my childhood memory. - I see.
I couldn't find what I wanted to find.
- What is that? - Garden balsam flowers.
(Garden balsam flowers)
- Wait. Where did you find it? - I tried to...
find it in my neighborhood, but...
Were you the one who picked all the flowers?
(Were you the thief?)
No.
I bought this at a supermarket yesterday.
I used to do it...
- with my grandma too. - With our grandmothers.
With ground alum.
- If it stays until the first snow, - Right.
- your crush will love you back. - Exactly.
(That's why I did it.)
(If the color stays until the first snow, you'll be loved back.)
That's not true.
I had a lot of color left,
but my crush didn't love me back.
Never.
He used to go to clubs with dyed fingernails.
(They can imagine it.)
And toenails too.
(His toenails would be dyed too.)
(It's a sad memory.)
After dying our fingernails with garden balsams,
my mom dyed...
my dad's little fingernail.
- She did? - She dyed his nail too.
When just a bit of color was left,
he was so surprised in the middle of picking his nose.
Did he think he was bleeding?
He though his nose was bleeding.
He screamed.
"Dad, what's wrong?"
"Nothing."
He thought his nose was bleeding.
Her family is funny.
- That was funny. - So Min.
All girls...
could relate...
So you dyed your fingernails with garden balsams.
Did it help you get a boyfriend?
- What memory do you have? - Are there any...
- romantic memories? - Then I wouldn't be here right now.
Where would you be?
I'd be someone's wife.
You can still be working.
What are you talking about?
You can still be on Running Man after getting married.
- You don't have to get married. - You're blushing.
- Why... - What memory do you have?
- are you attacking me? - Ji Hyo.
Stay strong to the end.
These days, everything changes so quickly.
Nail polish can be removed...
Ji Hyo is trying so hard.
She's trying hard.
She's suddenly discussing generation gaps.
I'm not trying to talk about my memories.
Just imagine my being a kid, waiting for the first snow.
- "So I dyed my nails yesterday." - "So I dyed my nails yesterday."
- Exactly. - "When will the first snow come?"
I didn't. I couldn't find any garden balsams.
- Fine. - I bought it at the supermarket.
This is Ji Hyo.
I'm done.
I can't give it a high price.
(Garden balsams, 6 dollars and 22 cents)
- My memory is... - What is it?
- Kwang Soo, what are you doing? - Nothing.
- What are you doing? - Nothing.
He wrote a name on his giraffe.
- Well... - "Dan Bi"?
- Is it a girl? - Kwang Soo.
- Listen. - He gave the giraffe a name.
- Dan Bi. - He named the giraffe.
- It's nothing. - Let's listen to So Min.
Just so you know,
he wrote the name just now.
First,
this is about 12 years old.
You still have it?
Have you ever heard of this?
If you happen to catch a falling leaf,
- your wish will come true. - Right.
Right. Your first love will love you back.
I was walking on the street,
- and this ended up in my hood. - Really?
I thought, "It means I'll get into a university."
What happened?
- I got in. - That's incredible.
Your wish was to get into a university?
(Thanks to that falling leaf, she got into a university.)
- When you see a beat-up car? - You wink.
- Wink? - She knows so many of those.
- But... - Her day is full of those things.
It's full of superstitions.
(She's busy.)
I'm very busy.
(She winked at a beat-up car even while shooting.)
She winked three times at a beat-up car.
When she sees two, she winks twice.
- She makes us do it too. - If you wink at the driver,
it'll bring even more good luck.
- At the driver? - Yes.
I see.
- And... - It's not easy...
- That's a real memory. - to keep those things.
(She has another item.)
This is my diary I wrote in the fall...
when I was in third grade.
- You still have it? - Unbelievable.
- This is amazing. - That's incredible.
It's...
You wrote a letter to Saet Byul.
I don't remember her well.
"Hi, Saet Byul. It's So Min."
"I heard you were transferring to another school soon."
"Can't you stay at Neunggok Elementary School?"
- "You're my best friend." - That's cute.
- "Even if you move," - That's cute.
"please don't forget me, and let's stay friends forever."
- "Bye." - That's so sweet.
She wrote it in third grade.
It touched me.
- Do you remember Saet Byul? - No.
Really?
It's an old memory.
Why would you write a letter in your diary?
I wanted to try a new format.
Now that I think of it,
isn't this a bit inauthentic?
(Was it just for show?)
- Wait. - Didn't you...
There was no Saet Byul in the first place.
(What if Saet Byul didn't exist?)
Did you just make it up?
(Why couldn't she send this letter?)
(Is it because Saet Byul didn't exist?)
- Look at the handwriting. - You made it sloppy on purpose?
Wait.
- Did she... - It's a letter.
Did she write it yesterday?
Did you...
Did you write it with your left hand yesterday?
Saet Byul is fictional, right?
The notebook is very clean.
- I didn't. - She probably...
So Min is not normal.
It doesn't surprise me.
(So Min can do anything.)
Look at this.
- "My Imagination". - That's the title.
"I want the fall to be the way I want."
"I want the gingko leaves to be half-red and half-yellow."
- It's fall. - "I want the maple leaves to be..."
- "half-blue and half-sky blue." - This is amazing.
"I want the fields to have the colors of the rainbow."
You spelled "rainbow" wrong.
("Rainbow" is spelled incorrectly.)
She was a kid.
She was in third grade.
- She was a kid. - That's cute.
I want the dragonflies to be green, blue, and yellow.
Won't the world come to an end that way?
- Let's just listen. - Okay.
It brings back...
old memories.
It's so So Min.
- Wasn't she so cute? - She was.
It's incredible.
- She wrote about frogs too. - She wrote about frogs.
"Frogs are croaking."
"Frogs with big eyes..."
"sing by the pond..."
"on a rainy day."
This is...
By the way, the weather was sunny every day.
It's always like that.
That's because you write them all on the same day.
The weather is...
(It's always sunny.)
- She wrote them on the same day. - It was always sunny.
The weather was...
sunny for two months.
- It's sunny every day. - It's like in LA.
She lived in LA.
She must have studied abroad.
Neunggok, LA.
She lived in Neunggok, LA.
I have another item.
- You do? - Show us.
It's a napkin.
It's a bit wrinkly.
It's from a coffee shop.
Please blur the name.
"November 30, 2010. I wiped my tears with this."
- "Because of J." - After a break-up?
- I was... - Did you break up with someone?
And you...
- held on to it? - You held on to it?
Think about...
how much it would scare that person.
- We don't know who that is, but... - He must be scared.
(Please get rid of that!)
Please stop!
Get rid of it.
That guy must be so scared.
I can't believe she held on to it.
So Min, you're unbelievable.
So Min's items are worth 39 dollars and 25 cents.
It's time to meet Dan Bi.
- Let's meet her. - I brought Dan Bi.
Who is that?
Who is Dan Bi?
That name was given just three minutes ago.
- This is Dan Bi. - Her neck is bent.
(Dan Bi's neck is bent.)
You shouldn't do that.
Did she inspire...
your hairstyle?
- What are you talking about? - You went to the same hairdresser?
No, I didn't.
- It looks like a mane. - They look similar.
This giraffe...
means a lot to me.
On Running Man,
Jae Seok nicknamed me Giraffe.
This is the first stuffed giraffe I received after that.
- Really? - That's meaningful.
Did you get it in fall?
(It needs to be related to fall.)
Sorry? Yes.
(He feels guilty.)
- It was around fall. - Can you prove it?
How are you going to prove that?
It was in fall.
Why did you name her Dan Bi?
- It's because... - Is it your ex-girlfriend's name?
No.
- How long were you together? - It's...
How long did you go out with her?
Dan Bi was the name of the dog I had for 13 years.
(Dan Bi wasn't his ex-girlfriend.)
(What's this all of a sudden?)
That sounds strange.
He changes the conversation in a strange way.
- It's true. I'm not lying. - That sounds nice.
Dan Bi isn't alive anymore.
- Is that so? - Keep it short.
- Keep it short. - Okay.
That's all I'll say.
(He stops explaining.)
(Go on and finish your story.)
- You should continue. - The story of my dog...
is a different story.
- What about this? - Is the story of your dog...
- separate? - It's a personal story.
- Why did you bring it up? - Why did you bring up your dog?
- Pardon? - Why did you bring up your dog?
It just came to my mind.
I've made my decision.
- Wait a minute. - I've already decided.
- Dan Bi, take care. - Come on.
- I still love you. - I've decided.
- One... - I'm here today because of her.
(He tries to appeal to the audience.)
I wouldn't be here without this toy.
(Everyone gives a low price.)
Kwang Soo's appraisal value is two cents.
Everyone is given their appraisal value.
Today's race is Unforgettable Autumn Trip Race.
(Unforgettable Autumn Trip Race)
Once you finish Autumn Trip within budget,
you clear the mission.
What can we do with 0.2 or 5 cents?
Do we ask for help from those who have money?
However, you'll play in teams today.
(The members share the budget. They won't have to fight each other.)
Is it a team competition?
We'll take budge away from your team whenever you fail a mission.
(Team budget gets subtracted every time they fail a mission.)
(Do we share our appraisal value?)
We were competing within our team.
- My goodness. - Why didn't you write 50 dollars?
Why didn't you bring something good?
- We competed within our team. - Come on.
If you need additional money for the trip besides the one we're giving,
you may leave your item at the pawnshop.
We'll lend you money based on the value.
If you don't have your item when the trip is over,
you'll experience water bomb in the final stage.
Please take out loans wisely.
(You may get water bombed.)
You have to leave your item at the pawnshop to take out a loan.
As such, you must carry your item throughout the race.
What about Dan Bi?
You must carry your item throughout the race.
We must carry it?
(Do I have to carry Dan Bi around?)
Do we have to carry it?
You'll start the mission to win basic budget for the trip.
Everyone.
(They're about to start.)
We attached the appraisal value to your item.
What is he doing?
(He's a nuisance.)
He's with Dan Bi.
- I have Dan Bi on my back. - They're having fun.
When we were in school, our grandparents used to...
- carry babies behind their back. - That's right.
Is that only worth 10 cents?
(He's still disappointed.)
All of us are wearing backpacks.
It looks worse on Jong Kook.
That's what I thought too.
- Come on. - Seriously. Turn around.
- What's wrong? - It looks bad on him.
- It's so small. - I bet he never used a backpack.
- You see muscles on the side. - It's tiny.
(He's too muscular.)
- The backpack looks too small. - That's right.
I didn't use a backpack when I was in school.
- That's right. - Someone must've carried it.
It was a black and rectangular briefcase, and I carried the tip.
That's right.
- Did you carry it? - He didn't carry any books.
- What did you have in it? - Nothing.
(Jae Seok is curious.)
I had a metal tray inside.
(He carried a metal tray.)
- A metal tray? - Nunchucks?
- Why? - Was it a lunchbox?
- Why would you carry that? - To hit people.
- He's strange. - Something to hit people with.
Let's start the team mission to win the basic budget for the trip.
It's called Flower Field Zero.
- What is it? - Flower Field Zero?
(Flower Field Zero)
With hands under your chin, you'll play five rounds.
You win if the number I call from 0 to 8...
is different from the number of standing members.
You gain 10 dollars. If the number is the same,
- you fail, and the mission is over. - Okay.
If you succeed, you may decide to continue the next round.
When you succeed,
- you win 10 dollars again. - I understand.
Let's do it. We need to eat.
- Let's do it. - Let's do a good job.
Seriously.
Let's start Flower Field Zero.
Everyone, please sit down.
What happens when we win?
Kwang Soo's giraffe will be too visible.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
Does the giraffe count as well?
- No. - She doesn't?
- No. - Dan Bi isn't alive.
We have to be observant.
Be careful of zero.
Okay. That's important.
You must stand with hands under your chin.
Hands under the chin?
Let's start Round One.
1, 2, 3.
(How will their Round 1 go?)
Three.
(5 members stand up.)
(They win Round 1.)
- We won. - We did.
(They win while looking cute.)
- Good job. - That was great.
Will you stop at 10 dollars or continue?
- We continue. - We'll do it.
- 10 dollars is not enough. - We're likely to win.
- Let's keep going. - Right.
- Let's get it. - Let's get it.
Se Chan, are you really the youngest here?
- Why? - Is it because of his looks?
His looks...
He doesn't seem the youngest.
He doesn't look the youngest.
You'd better be good.
What was that?
- What just happened? - Se Chan is...
the boss when the three of us are alone.
- In that case... - He's very strong.
He has a strong presence.
Let's start Round 2. If you win, you get 20 dollars.
If you lose, you get nothing.
(Whispering)
In 1, 2, 3. 4.
(Will they win Round 2?)
(The producer calls for 4.)
You lose.
Did we win?
(Exactly 4 members stood up.)
We lost.
- What happened? - Four stood up.
Kwang Soo.
Kwang Soo, I told you to stay seated.
I told you to stay seated.
- How could you? - I told him.
- What? - I told him to stay seated.
You stood up too.
If you stood up last time, you should've stay seated this time.
Didn't you know?
- Can we try one more time? - There was a mistake.
There was a mistake.
- Can you be louder? - We couldn't hear you.
- I couldn't hear either. - Your voice is too low.
I was loud enough.
- "1, 2, 3." - You should be louder.
- You should be clear. - I couldn't hear you.
- What did you hear then? - Either way,
did we take the challenge?
Everyone didn't realize that...
we had lost.
- I didn't realize it. - I had no idea.
- We didn't know. - We really didn't know.
- We were confused. - We didn't hear you.
I'll be more accurate. You must say "challenge".
- In 1, 2... - Let's say "challenge".
- Challenge. - Challenge.
Everyone should stand up.
(Jong Kook directs everyone because he's desperate to win.)
If you succeed, you win 20 dollars.
(If they succeed, they win 20 dollars.)
(If they fail, they win nothing, and the mission is over.)
(What will happen in Round 2?)
1, 2, 3.
(If they succeed, they win 20 dollars.)
(If they fail, they win nothing, and the mission is over.)
(What will happen in Round 2?)
1, 2, 3. 3.
(They win Round 2.)
Three.
(They're happy to succeed.)
(They congratulate each other.)
- We did it. - Awesome.
- We did it. - Great.
Will you stop at 20 dollars or continue?
- Let's go. - Yes.
- Let's take on the challenge. - Round 3.
- Challenge. - Challenge.
- Challenge. - It's nice and simple.
- We work well as a team. - Here we go.
(Jong Kook gives an order.)
- 1, 2, 3. - You should stand up.
(Haha, stand up.)
Five.
(Do I stand up?)
(Haha listened to Jong Kook and stood up. What'd be the result?)
(Three members stand up.)
(They win Round 3.)
- Okay. - Great.
Okay.
- Jong Kook... - That's right.
was leading us.
- Jong Kook kept leading us. - That was great.
We want to do whatever we want.
We can't because of Jong Kook.
Jong Kook told us what to do.
- No, what should we do? - After Jong Kook...
- took the lead, - Go.
we continue to succeed.
- We feel... - It's annoying but great.
This game is Jong Kook...
versus the producer.
His orders make us uncomfortable,
- but the results are good. - That's right.
The mission should be called Jong Kook's Zero Game.
- He can point at us. - We still win.
- It's great. - It is indeed.
Will you continue?
- Of course. - Of course we will.
- Wait. - What should we do?
We have eight members.
(Everyone listens to Jong Kook's plan.)
1, 2, 3.
(Will they also win Round 4?)
Four.
(Five members stand.)
(They win Round 4.)
Wait, we weren't ready yet.
(What happened?)
- It's fine. - It's okay.
This won't count.
Four.
(He thought they had lost.)
(But he quickly changes his mind.)
- Never mind. - This won't count.
- This won't count. - What did you say?
That's your opinion.
Why did you say that?
Haha said that you weren't ready yet.
No way.
- Why didn't you keep quiet? - I'm sorry.
Considering what happened, let's play one more round.
- Okay. - Come back.
This is our last chance.
- Stay quiet. - I know.
You're not Jong Kook.
- I'm sorry. - Let's play again.
If he had stayed quiet...
- Let's go with our instinct. - Let's do that.
- Seriously. - Let's go with our instinct.
(They play Round 4 again.)
Here we go.
(They redo Round 4 without Jong Kook's advice.)
- Let's go. - We can't plan this.
(Will they succeed without Jong Kook's strategy?)
In 1, 2, 3.
Six.
(The producer said 6. How many members stood up?)
What?
(They fail since it's 6 including Jong Kook.)
You stood up.
You fail.
(He looks around.)
(Jong Kook gets up. They fail round 4.)
What are you doing?
- What was that? - I didn't stand up.
- This is standing up. - I didn't.
- Did we fail? - I didn't stand up.
He was so cheap. He half-stood up.
- What was that? - That was a cheap move!
- I didn't stand up. - Jong Kook.
I didn't stand.
I'm serious. When you called out the number,
I did this much.
(It's time to replay the video.)
(His butt is obviously lifted.)
(His head even stuck out.)
(He doesn't know where to look.)
- Darn it, Jong Kook. - You definitely stood up.
I approve.
You stood up.
- What was that? - I didn't.
Can you give us one more...
- Yes, let's go again. - I didn't stand up.
- Let's hand in ours. - This is tricky.
Let's do this then. If you give me one item,
I'll give you one last chance.
- Give you what? - Give me an item.
- The baseball is the lightest. - Hey.
(He doesn't hesitate.)
- It's the lightest. - No. Why would you do that?
- Hey. - What?
- What's wrong? - This is...
kind of hard.
Why did Jong Kook stand up halfway?
Everyone, I think this is strange.
Jong Kook made a huge mistake,
- and none of us... - You need to give up yours.
No, I...
Doesn't he have to give up his CD?
I never stood up.
Hey, there.
(Jae Seok couldn't tell him to give up his CD, so he decided to steal.)
What...
Hey.
(Shall I do it too?)
Hey, don't do that.
- Stay still. - Hey.
(She targets Jae Seok's denim jacket.)
- So Min. - Everybody,
the staff's plan is to shake us up.
Let's not be stirred.
We are one.
(We are one.)
(We are one forever.)
(He's scary.)
Let's do rock-paper-scissors and choose one person.
- Which one is the cheapest? - That doesn't matter.
The cheapest item...
Choose the cheapest item.
(We'll give up the baseball.)
It's done.
Hey, you.
(It's Seok Jin's home run.)
When did you take it out?
It's perfect for throwing.
I'll give you another chance.
- Everybody. - That's over.
That wasn't up to me.
You know...
- You know what's funny? - What?
I stood up, right?
- I stopped halfway. - Right.
If I stood up fully,
- then what is it? - It's a fail.
- It's a fail, right? - Yes.
Is it my fault or somebody else's?
- It's your fault. - It's your fault.
If all six people got up, why would it be my fault?
It's because...
if you sat down, it would have been five people.
- If I stood up? - That would make it six.
If I stood up, whose fault would it have been?
- Your fault. - Why is it my fault?
(He's trying to be logical.)
- You said it. - Listen to this.
If you sat down, how many would it have been?
If I sat down, it would have been five.
- If you stood up? - It's six with me standing up.
Whose fault is it then?
- All six stood up anyhow. - Think about it again.
(Jae Seok cuts him off.)
How many is it without you?
He has to learn by rote.
He doesn't get it.
How many people is it if you stand up?
- I'm just curious. - Ask again.
If you sat down, how many would it have been?
- If you sat down, it's 5 people. - It's 5.
- If you stood up, it's 6. - It's 6.
Whose fault is it?
It's my fault.
(Is it my fault?)
(I'll forgive you, Seok Jin. Don't do it again.)
- "It's my fault." - I apologize.
I understand.
It's not my fault.
It's everybody's fault.
- I see. - Good. That's right.
Let's go again. We'll start from 10 dollars again.
- We're going from 10 dollars? - Yes.
From 10 dollars?
- Follow your gut feeling. - Sure, let's do that.
- Follow your gut feeling. - Okay.
It's Round One with 10 dollars.
In 1, 2, 3. 2.
(They finally got a chance to retry.)
(They succeed with one off.)
(They win up to round 3.)
Bravo.
- Ji Hyo. - That was good timing.
- Is it 40 dollars now? - Yes, let's go.
- Go, go. - Let's go for two more rounds.
In 1, 2, 3. 4.
(If they succeed this time, they go to round 5.)
(It's 4.)
You fail.
Who didn't stand up?
- Who didn't stand up? - Who didn't stand up?
If you wanted to sit down, you should do that at home.
Why would you sit here?
- Why didn't you stand up? - Why didn't you?
- Why did you stand up? - Why didn't you?
Why did you stand up?
- Why did you stand up? - Look.
- Why didn't you stand up? - Hey, why did you get up?
- Why did you stand up? - Were you lazy?
- Is that why you didn't stand up? - No way.
Is that why you didn't stand up?
Do you want to leave with no money or give up another item?
Let's go with Haha's. He doesn't have that many memories.
Why don't I have memories?
It's fake.
Are you going to give up all of it?
They're all 10 cents each.
- What's the standard? - Hand it in.
- What standard? - Fine.
- Okay. - Let's go.
This is your last chance.
Let's go. Everybody,
that was round 3. Will you do round 4?
- Yes. - Let's go.
(They lost at round 4 twice.)
(How will it be this time?)
In 1, 2, 3. 0
- Okay. - All right.
We did it.
(They finally pass round 4.)
(They only have round 5 left with 50 dollars.)
- This is great. - I knew he was going to do that.
- I think he's going to call six. - Is this the last one?
- Let's all stand up for this one. - How's this?
- What if we all stand up? - Let's make it look cool.
If you stop now, you can get 40 dollars.
- No, no. - We have to keep going.
(We have to go for 50 dollars.)
Wouldn't he do something in the middle?
40 dollars is okay too.
Let's all stand up.
We were trying to reach the top all this time.
Right? How many times did we do this?
- Hey. - We could be satisfied here.
- Just do it. - What do you think?
- Then... - Oh, gosh.
- We have to know when to stop. - Just go for it.
- I like 40 dollars. - We have to know when to stop.
- Go. - We only have one round left.
Should we just go then?
We can do it. Trust ourselves.
- Let's go with our gut feeling. - Again?
We always mess up when we go with our gut feeling.
(Should we do that again?)
I don't think...
- we have good instincts. - Should we do that again?
I...
I have a good feeling.
- Let's go. - Okay?
- All right. - Okay.
Should we go with our gut feeling?
- Go, go. - Follow our gut feeling.
- Okay. - I got this.
- Let's go. - I'm going to get up.
- I'm going to sit down. - I'm going to stand up.
One...
(This is round 5. If they win, they get 50 dollars.)
(If they lose, they finish with nothing.)
(Will they pass round 5 with their gut feelings?)
In 1, 2, 3. 5.
(The producer called out 5. How many will stand up?)
Hold on.
(It looks like three people got up.)
(Kwang Soo looked around and got up late.)
Hold on.
You can't get up slowly.
Earlier, you said...
What are you doing?
You said I stood up.
He's angry.
Let's make this look like we won.
(We did it.)
I actually saw Kwang Soo.
(Chuckling)
(He looked around and got up.)
- You looked left and right. - This was heavy.
(He pretended like he was stumbling and counted.)
(He acted like he stood up properly.)
- Didn't you look left and right? - This was heavy.
- It was heavy. - You didn't have to get up.
- Why did you stand up? - We won.
This is a pass.
I accept that.
You win 50 dollars.
I'll give you the money.
The people who left their items at the pawnshop are...
Seok Jin and Haha.
Today's real race is Unforgettable Autumn Trip.
Here is the hidden rule...
for I'll Write a Letter in Autumn.
"I'll Write a Letter in Autumn"?
(I'll Write a Letter in Autumn?)
If you don't have your item at the end of the race,
you'll experience water bomb.
Those without their items can pick one person...
who will receive the penalty with them.
One person?
(You can pick 1 person who will help you get your item back.)
(They have to try to avoid the penalty together.)
Seok Jin and Haha, you can record a video message...
to invite the person who will join you.
- Right now? In front of everybody? - Yes.
We have to stand with them?
I catch a cold...
when the fall comes,
so I think I'll get sick if I take the water bomb.
Please help me today,
Jong Kook.
He pointed you out.
Please join me today.
- Jong Kook. - Okay.
(If he doesn't get his baseball back Jong Kook will receive the penalty.)
This is great. Okay.
I picked you.
When we were doing the auction,
I was so disappointed...
you marked my item with that price.
It's very precious to me,
so I really want to get it back...
with you, Jong Kook.
(Jong Kook is trustworthy.)
I picked him first.
I think you can get it back for me.
- Okay. - I picked him first.
Lost and found!
- I'll return your lost items. - Anyhow,
if we can't get it back, you'll get the penalty too.
The first autumn-themed mission is...
- Shortest Object Trip. - "Shortest object"?
Please purchase the shortest object.
The member with the longest object...
has to give up their item as the loser.
(Whose item will go to the pawnshop?)
We'll measure accurately.
What's this?
- You can't do this. - I paid 10 cents for this.
(Kwang Soo got a piece of noodle, and he loses.)
I paid for it. What's this?
- Why are you doing this? - He's here.
- No... - He's here already.
Kwang Soo, record your message.
Please find my Dan Bi.
(Please find my Dan Bi.)
- Jae Seok. - All right.
(Jae Seok will be Kwang Soo's partner in getting the punishment.)
Sing a phrase of a song that starts with "go".
(Jae Seok loses with a made-up song.)
(The day has come. I'm sorry.)
(You need to receive another penalty, Kwang Soo.)
(If they don't get both items back, they get double water bomb.)
(Jong Kook lost too.)
(He picks Jae Seok.)
(Ji Hyo picks Seok Jin.)
(People who have been chosen)
This is a perfect autumn weather.
This is the perfect weather for a picnic.
The maple leaves are at their peak.
(The maple leaves are at their peak.)
They're not at their peak.
It's still a long way.
They're at their peak in Gangwon Province.
This is Seoul.
That's Gangwon Province, but we're in Seoul.
- This is Songdo. - That's different from Gangwon.
He's making me mad.
Isn't that G...
(Which "G" are we talking about?)
I know why he's not taking that off.
(20 minutes ago in the bus)
G-Dragon does this.
He uses this bag all the time now.
This is convenient.
(He tries to copy G-Dragon. Does Haha approve?)
Isn't that G...
- It's Kim Byung Ji. - Kim Byung Ji?
(It's Kim Byung "G".)
I'm not him.
What did you say?
Weren't you going to say G-Dragon?
Your hairstyle looks like Dean...
Dean?
(Is it the trendy star Dean's hairstyle?)
It's Dean...
It's Jee Seok Dean.
(Spitting)
What's wrong with me?
Why is your hair so long in the back?
It's Lee Duk Jin's hairstyle.
It's getting shorter.
I think it'll be okay once it grows a bit more.
You'll become like So Min.
Her is hair short in the front and long in the back.
(Their style is short in the front and long in the back.)
- Are you copying her? - Why are you copying me?
I'm not copying you.
- Why are you copying her? - I'm not copying her.
Do you like me?
(Do you like me?)
(Do you like me so much that you copied my hairstyle?)
You two are talking nonsense again.
Stop it. Oh, gosh.
We're not interested at all.
We don't care if you two date.
It's stressful whenever I have to get a haircut.
A homeless person?
It does look like it.
Wait.
(The bug is stuck to Jae Seok.)
It's gone.
(Groaning)
(He kicks Jae Seok's middle part instead of the bug.)
My bad.
Wait. I'm serious.
I didn't mean to. I really didn't mean it.
(I'm sorry. That wasn't intentional.)
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
It's alive.
That's alive, but my...
- Hey. - That was a bug.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
You should have stepped on it.
Where did he kick you?
- I am okay. - You are?
I'm a very healthy person.
Why is your nose runny?
He's lying.
His nose is runny.
(Regardless of his health, the picnic starts.)
This is Unforgettable Autumn Trip.
(Autumn Colors Trip)
You need to take pictures in autumn.
You have to recruit people and take a group photo...
in a designated spot with everybody's faces showing.
- With people? - People?
Where are they?
You get three chances.
You have to take a photo in a designated spot,
and everybody's faces have to be shown to pass the mission.
If you fail, each of you has to pay five dollars each...
to a total of 40 dollars for your trip.
(This game will cost a lot. Will they succeed the mission?)
Excuse me. Can we take a picture together?
Hello.
Can you take a picture with us?
No.
- Please. - So Min.
So Min, you can't just stop him.
- Please take care. We're sorry. - Take care.
Can we take a group photo?
- There are four here. - All of them?
- We have 4. - There are 4 people.
Can we take a picture?
You're beautiful.
- You're beautiful. - It's your hiking outfit.
- It's perfect. - You look great.
- It's great for outdoors. - Would that be okay?
- Okay. - Okay.
We have five. Thank you.
Thank you.
We'll press the shutter. It'll be taken in 10 seconds.
- In 10 seconds? - 10 seconds?
- Kwang Soo, you go first. - You go first.
- Let's get this in 1 try. - In 1, 2, 3.
You have to take a photo in the designated spot,
and everybody's faces have to be shown to pass the mission.
(They have to take a photo, and everybody's faces have to be shown.)
- Let's get this in 1 try. - In 1, 2, 3.
- Press the shutter. - Press the shutter.
Hurry.
(Dashing)
- Come here. - Here, here.
We have to go lower.
(It took 5 seconds to run. They have to get in within 5 seconds.)
- We have to go lower. - That's good.
This is perfect.
- So Min. - Come.
- We have 10 seconds. - Madam, go higher.
Jump, madam.
Did it get taken?
- Did it? - It got taken.
- Let's take a look. - That took one shot.
- Thank you. - That took one shot.
- Thank you. - Let's finish this in one shot.
- We did it. - We can do it.
Let's finish this in one shot.
- In one shot. - Right away.
- The photo is ready. - It's out.
(Did all 13 people get in the photo?)
Madam.
- Madam. - She got covered.
(Two people's face were covered.)
It's okay.
Ji Hyo is not there either.
- It got taken before I got there. - That's right.
- It got taken before I got there. - You need to hurry back.
I need to hurry back.
Look at So Min's face.
- It's like... - Look at her face.
she took it with people she doesn't know.
She looks like a robot.
That's not nice, So Min.
It's so obvious you don't know these people.
We now know what to do.
- Let's cheer up. - Let's go.
- We can do this. - We have two chances left.
Please count down.
- In 1, 2, 3. Press the shutter. - Press the shutter.
- Madam. - 10, 9,
- 8, 7, - Please come here.
- 6, 5, - Go on your tiptoes.
(They get easily into positions.)
- You're covering me, Jong Kook. - 4, 3,
two...
(She's less robotic this time.)
Go on your tiptoes.
2, 1.
Okay.
It got taken.
- I couldn't see. - Please.
(That was their 2nd try out of 3. Did it work this time?)
Please. Did it work?
We did it.
- We got it. - We are all in it.
- It worked. - We did it.
- Okay. - We did it.
We got it for sure.
- It worked. - We did it.
- We all got in. - It worked.
- Okay. - We did it.
- We got it for sure. - We got it.
- We did it. - Okay.
(It's a perfect photo with everybody showing.)
You succeeded in this mission,
so you don't have to pay anything.
(They pass without having to pay any fees.)
This is what a trip should be like.
It really is a trip.
It's an autumn trip.
Thank you to all five of them.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Let's move on to the next location.
(They go to the final location in great mood.)
(The final penalty is the water bomb.)
Oh, gosh.
What's that in the middle?
There must be a last chance.
- There's something here. - There is.
What's that?
(The items left in the pawnshop...)
(are dangling from a bridge.)
(Their memories dangle from a bridge. What is this mission?)
Dan Bi!
(You were here. I'm finally here for you.)
(It breaks my heart to see you like this.)
You don't even look at it at home.
Please.
(That was for being fake.)
What's wrong with you?
(Stop faking it.)
Stop it.
You punk.
- She's avoiding you. Look. - No.
- She's not avoiding me. - Look.
Many of you are missing your items.
This is your last chance to get these items back.
The final mission is Return of the Memories.
(Return of the Memories)
There are six items in the pawnshop right now.
They are dangling from the bridge.
(There are 6 items dangling from the bridge.)
You need to pick one person whose item is there...
and get the items back...
while crossing the bridge without falling.
You have only one chance.
You know the people involved, right?
Those people will take the water bomb.
The rest will be safe.
(People who have been chosen)
- Kim Jong Kook. - Jong Kook.
- Kim Jong Kook. - He might not do it.
He has to. Who else will?
If he doesn't...
- I have to get everything back. - Of course.
You have to.
- This is scary. - It's shaky.
How can anyone do this?
(The bridge is high, and it's shaky.)
(Will Jong Kook be able to get the items back?)
Ready. Set, go.
(It's not easy from the beginning.)
This...
(It moves even more with his weight on it.)
This is around 2.5m to 3m high.
These spin a lot.
Okay.
He's there.
(If he doesn't get the baseball,)
Jong Kook, throw the baseball.
(Seok Jin and Jong Kook will get the water bomb.)
(Seok Jin, let us avoid the penalty.)
(He picks up Seok Jin's baseball and exempts him from the penalty.)
Respect! Seok Jin lives.
(He picks up his precious album.)
Where will he store the CD?
- Put it inside your underwear. - Put it down your pants.
He reached my item.
Jong Kook, you can wear the jacket.
You can wear the jacket.
Don't laugh. Why are you laughing?
(He laughs in a meaningful way.)
- Jong Kook. - I am passing through.
- Hold on, Jong Kook. - What are you doing?
- Don't do that. - Hey, hey. Hey!
What will you do for me?
(He tries to strike a deal.)
- Jong Kook, Jong Kook! - Jong Kook, Jong Kook!
- Jong Kook, Jong Kook! - This is driving me crazy.
- Big respect, big respect. - Please get it. Okay.
(He rescues the denim jacket after the flattery.)
You know how to act cute.
Big respect, big respect.
It might be too small for him.
You look cool. It looks good on you.
It's an honor to see my jacket on your shoulders.
- Here I go. - It's an honor.
Tom yum goong!
(He arrives at Haha's bundle of noodles.)
(Haha and Jong Kook's penalty depends on the heavy bundle.)
That one is the problem.
He can't pass through that one.
He must take that one.
Can he really do this? It looks impossible.
Thank you.
- I will put it in front of me. - Okay.
Jong Kook, Dan Bi needs to sacrifice itself for everyone.
- Jong Kook. - Pass through Dan Bi.
I wouldn't have asked if it were anyone else.
I am pleading because it's you.
Dan Bi has a life.
Dan Bi is alive.
Jong Kook.
Don't be that way.
You should at least try!
- Jong Kook. Jong Kook. - You should at least try.
- Jong Kook. - Come on.
He will get Ji Hyo's garden balsam first.
(He gets Ji Hyo's garden balsam first.)
- Thank you, Jong Kook. - Kwang Soo.
- Are you mad at me? - No. Why would I be mad at you?
- It's time to save Dan Bi. - Jong Kook, it's the last one.
(Please save Dan Bi.)
You might drop everything. Pass through it.
- No, you can do it. - Give it a try.
9012. 9012.
Gosh, this is heavy.
If you save the giraffe...
(He flatters Jong Kook.)
- That's it. - Okay. Okay.
- Okay. That's good. - Watch the neck.
My goodness.
Jong Kook saved it.
(He succeeds in saving Dan Bi.)
Jong Kook is coming to us.
- Jong Kook doesn't disappoint. - Jong Kook.
It will be hard.
Dan Bi complicated the task.
Don't say that.
Jong Kook, throw it away. Throw Dan Bi down the bridge.
- Throw it away. - Listen, Jong Kook.
- Throw Dan Bi away. - Throw Dan Bi away.
Put it over your shoulders.
(He puts it over his shoulders.)
My goodness.
- That's hilarious. - You are so sexy.
(Flattering)
You are so sexy.
(He makes a fatal mistake.)
No! Jong Kook!
(Don't do this to Dan Bi.)
Dan Bi! Dan Bi!
- Dan Bi. - No, please. Please.
Why in the world did you bring such a big doll?
I can't help that Dan Bi is precious to me.
Come on.
(How can I carry it?)
(Tossing)
(Jong Kook secures it by its neck for a safe delivery.)
That's a good idea.
Was that really necessary?
(Was that really necessary?)
Stick it in the next opening. That's it.
- That's it. - My goodness.
(He sticks it in and advances.)
My goodness.
(Please let me go.)
You are almost there.
Why did he put it behind him?
(He puts Dan Bi behind him.)
You don't need to do that.
You can put it in front of you.
- You can put it in front of you. - Put it in front of you.
- My goodness. - What is wrong with you?
- Put it in front of you. - No!
- Put it in front of you. - Don't do that.
- Put it in front of you. - He is like an alligator.
Jong Kook, move backwards.
Jong Kook, the denim jacket is blocking your microphone.
Is the denim jacket blocking my microphone? That won't do.
Jong Kook, move backwards.
(He takes off the denim jacket like a professional.)
Jong Kook, put it on the giraffe.
Put it on the giraffe.
Put it on Dan Bi.
What is going on? The denim jacket is Jae Seok's.
- This is crazy. - Both items are ours.
- Jong Kook, please! - Hey, hey.
- Jong Kook. - Jong Kook, don't do this.
- Jong Kook, you are almost there. - Yes?
- I know. - Don't do that.
The giraffe looks so stylish.
- Jong Kook. - Yes?
- Let's play rock-paper-scissors. - With me?
- Let the result decide. - All right.
- Let's wrap this up. - Let's wrap this up.
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Will the three of us play?
- The three of us will play. - The three of us?
No, Jong Kook. It puts you at a disadvantage.
- No, no. - It's 2 against 1.
Wait a minute. When did you become Jong Kook's guardian?
- Listen. - Seriously.
What is wrong with him? Gosh, I poked his eye.
(He gets his eye poked in his attempt to say something.)
I poked his eye.
- Jong Kook! Jong Kook! - Jong Kook! Jong Kook!
The four of us should play.
- I will be on Jong Kook's side. - Okay.
The winner will decide what happens.
- Okay. - That's good.
Rock-paper-scissors
(Rock-paper-scissors of fate)
(Can Jae Seok and Kwang Soo save Dan Bi?)
(Jong Kook plays rock while everyone else plays scissors.)
(Jong Kook wins.)
Okay!
(Screaming)
(He throws Dan Bi down the bridge without a moment of hesitation.)
This is crazy.
It was meaningless. My goodness.
(He is delighted and refreshed.)
Why did you ask him to play rock-paper-scissors?
Take it with you.
(Throwing)
(He throws his precious Dan Bi.)
(He throws his denim jacket, too.)
Thus, Jae Seok and Kwang Soo get...
the water bomb penalty.
(Jae Seok and Kwang Soo are the chosen ones.)
For goodness' sake.
The weather turned cold.
- It's unbelievable. - It's so cold. The sun is setting.
Now, Kwang Soo and Jae Seok will receive two water bombs...
for failing to save Dan Bi...
- and the denim jacket. - Will they receive two each?
We have two water bombs prepared for them.
- My goodness. - Don't we just need one?
Then they can move to the side after the first one.
We will move to the side without a word.
- Okay. - We will do it naturally.
- Here it comes. - Here it comes.
- 1, 2, 3. - 1, 2, 3.
(They get hit with the water bomb.)
- Move. - Move.
(Then they move.)
(They move down without a word.)
Move. Here is the next one. One,
- 2, 3. - 2, 3.
(They get hit one more time.)
My goodness.
(They find it entertaining.)
Look at Kwang Soo.
(Spluttering)
Kwang Soo.
He is taking a picture of them.
- I can't believe him. - My goodness.
- It's Jong Kook's fault. - Seriously.
I can't believe him.
(Celebrating the double water bomb)
(The return of the original idol group, Super Junior)
(The lovely queens, Red Velvet)
(Are Eun Hyuk and So Min alumni?)
(An unexpected love story surfaces.)
(Didn't you like me?)
(I feel jealous since she keeps talking about Eun Hyuk.)
(Poop So Min!)
(A love triangle with So Min begins.)
(This strange love triangle is charming.)
(Fall into it.)
(Is it my turn?)
(However,)
(there is...)
(a spy.)
(They don't go easy on their own team members...)
(in order to find the spy.)
(There is a spy among us.)
(Find the Spy)